=head1 NAME

WebService::NFSN::Example::DynamicDNS - DynamicDNS client for NFSN's API

=head1 VERSION

This document describes the examples in {{$dist}} version {{$dist_version}},
released {{$date}}.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

=over 4

=item 1.

Copy F<gdipconf.pl> & F<gdipupdt.cgi> from F<examples/> to your web server

=item 2.

Run C<gdipconf.pl add USER DOMAIN HOST>

=item 3.

Point a GnuDIP 2 client at gdipupdt.cgi

=back


=head1 DESCRIPTION

If you have a domain that uses NearlyFreeSpeech.NET DNS, you might
want to add an A record for your home (or other) computer.  NFSN does
not support any standard Dynamic DNS clients, but it's possible to
update your DNS records using their API.

In the F<examples> directory of the WebService-NFSN distribution,
you'll find F<gdipupdt.cgi>, a server for the GnuDIP 2 Dynamic DNS
protocol, and F<gdipconf.pl>, a command-line utility for configuring
it.  I chose the GnuDIP 2 protocol because it was the only one I could
find that offered decent security without requiring SSL (which wasn't
available at NFSN when I wrote most of the code).

=head1 INSTALLATION

The normal URL for GnuDIP updates is
C<http://yourserver/gnudip/cgi-bin/gnudip.cgi>.


=head1 CONFIGURATION AND ENVIRONMENT

F<gdipconf.pl> uses the C<NFSN_SITE_ROOT> environment variable to
determine if it's running on NFSN's servers.  If not, you must edit
both F<gdipconf.pl> and F<gdipupdt.cgi> and hard-code C<$configDir> to
an appropriate value for your server.  You must also set C<$ENV{HOME}>
in F<gdipupdt.cgi> to the location of the F<.nfsn-api> file containing
your NFSN API credentials.

F<gdipupdt.cgi> reads its configuration from C<"$configDir/config.yaml">
keeps track of used salts in the directory C<"$configDir/states">,
and reads your NFSN API key from C<"$ENV{HOME}/.nfsn-api">.
C<$configDir> defaults to F</home/protected>, the correct value if
you're running the server on a NFSN site.  If not, you'll need to edit
it and provide the correct values for your server.


=head1 SEE ALSO

The GnuDIP Dynamic DNS homepage (L<http://gnudip2.sourceforge.net/>)
contains links to some clients that support the GnuDIP protocol.

=for Pod::Loom-omit
INCOMPATIBILITIES
